README.md, before:

# CahBot

[Add the bot to your server!](https://goo.gl/ttNED9) |
[Beta GitHub](https://github.com/Cahbots/cahbot-beta) |
[Alpha GitHub](https://github.com/cahbots/cahbot-alpha)

Join the Discord: ![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/252196054101917696/widget.png)  

### You can view the commands [here](http://ruby.cahbot.pro/commands) (Can be outdated, you have been warned).

#### ***A small Discord bot with loads of potential***

Heyo, this is CahBot, a small Discord bot with- wait, I'm repeating myself here. Uhh...

#### **CahBot:** A bot that kinda sucks

Wait, no, that's bad to say

Hold on...

#### **CahBot:** A bot that kinda sucks but is being worked on almost every day

Better

#### **Want to host your own CahBot?**
Hosting instructions/steps will come soon:tm:

#### **Want to support CahBot?** You can support CahBot [here](https://goo.gl/QBvB7N).

Any and all donations are super-duper-sdooder appreciated, but aren't neccessarily required. All they do is help me continue working on this semi small project :smiley:

#### **Want to help make CahBot?** Join [our Discord server](https://goo.gl/02ZRK5) and talk with us!

While I can't guarantee you a spot on the CB Team right away, if you help out by doing PRs, helping out in the CB Server, or etc., it'll increase the chance of that happening.

#### **Summary**

Well, I hope you enjoy this little project of mine, and consider being part of the community. I hope to make this a multi-purpose bot with many different commands/functions in the future, and I hope you'll be here for the ride.

Commit message:

woah hey install for yourself

README.md, after:

# CahBot

[Add the bot to your server!](https://goo.gl/ttNED9) |
[Beta GitHub](https://github.com/Cahbots/cahbot-beta) |
[Alpha GitHub](https://github.com/cahbots/cahbot-alpha)

Join the Discord: ![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/252196054101917696/widget.png)  

### You can view the commands [here](http://ruby.cahbot.pro/commands) (Can be outdated, you have been warned).

#### ***A small Discord bot with loads of potential***

Heyo, this is CahBot, a small Discord bot with- wait, I'm repeating myself here. Uhh...

#### **CahBot:** A bot that kinda sucks

Wait, no, that's bad to say

Hold on...

#### **CahBot:** A bot that kinda sucks but is being worked on almost every day

Better

#### **Want to host your own CahBot?**

Sure thing! Head on to the amazing website and head to the [install guide](http://ruby.cahbot.pro).

#### **Want to support CahBot?** You can support CahBot [here](https://goo.gl/QBvB7N).

Any and all donations are super-duper-sdooder appreciated, but aren't neccessarily required. All they do is help me continue working on this semi small project :smiley:

#### **Want to help make CahBot?** Join [our Discord server](https://goo.gl/02ZRK5) and talk with us!

While I can't guarantee you a spot on the CB Team right away, if you help out by doing PRs, helping out in the CB Server, or etc., it'll increase the chance of that happening.

#### **Summary**

Well, I hope you enjoy this little project of mine, and consider being part of the community. I hope to make this a multi-purpose bot with many different commands/functions in the future, and I hope you'll be here for the ride.
